a new point in the release_checklist.md (#704)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/release_checklist.md

  * Update any software dependencies that are out of date.
    The linting will warn about availble updates via automated API calls to (bio-)conda
* Check that there are no outstanding issues that need to be addressed, especially bug reports

> * Make sure what you want to say about your new pipeline to the world. Add or finalize the description of the pipeline in the GitHub repository. This wording has been used when a new pipeline gets announced on Twitter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finalize the description of the pipeline in the GitHub repository and ensure that you remove any "under development" labels in the description. This wording will be used when a new pipeline gets announced on Twitter. 
```

Maybe this is a little bit more direct?
